I know we’ve been here forever, but this place is always fun.
There’s really no place I’d rather be… hm.
...
...
Can we help you?
No, we can’t. I’m sorry, but we’re busy. Maybe somebody outside the city can help you! Bye!
I sure hope not. This place is wonderful!
You stand at the castle town gates of Nepenthe. Beyond these walls lie the outskirts and far lands of the castle. Some people say it’s harsh out there but getting anywhere’s a breeze, so you’ll be fine.
You shouldn’t be here.
...
You need to leave.
You were discovered by the residents of Nepenthe. They nursed you back to health, and you forgot about why you ever wanted to leave.
I can’t stand the castle townies. They pretend like nothing’s wrong out here and that they live in paradise.
It's way too difficult to move around out here. It’s a joke.
…Hey. You comin’ from the castle town?
Best get the hell out of here while you can. Go see the real world.
So you’re from way out there, huh? Good luck getting back. It’ll be rough. Now beat it.
I wanna go further into Nepenthe. I can’t stand the depressives and psychos out here. At least the inner castle sounds peaceful.
What do YOU want?
...Okay?
...What?
Go away.
Go away! I can’t stand this part of the castle! It’s crowded and sweaty and the whole damn thing smells like dirty socks!
…You don’t belong here. You’re from out there, I know it. Go. Do what you need to do.
You were brought back to the core of Nepenthe, injured. What you saw frightened you enough to never want to leave again.
You gotta help me cross this gap, man. Please. Just jump over and then let me jump off of you. You can grab on to the spikes and climb back up. Please, I need to get to the heart of Nepenthe. Please help me.
Are you heading to the end of the castle? It’s harder to go there than to head back where you’re coming from. C’mon, just help me get over there.
I need to get out of here, man. The colours make me want to vomit.
I get you, but apparently the inner-castle-paradise story is a crock of shit. I heard that they’re on something that makes them oblivious to all the crap out here.
Man, you’ve been talking to those people out towards the edge again, haven’t you?
…It ain’t my fault. I’d do anything to get away from here. They know what it’s like.
You were forgotten as another soul trying to leave the castle’s bleak outskirts. There is no account of you returning to the castle town or leaving the castle.
...
Why are you even trying? Just give up...
...
Lost my nephew when he tried to make it to the core of Nepenthe. Bright young man… just wanted to play and bounce around where things were the safest. You didn’t… happen to see him on your way here… did you?
...
...
...I don't feel like doing anything today.
I don’t have it in me to get out of here. I’ve tried. So many times. But I don’t think I can do it…
The people in castle town forget we live in a fragile kingdom. They repress those just outside of it and it only fuels the problem. You crossed through a sea of desperate people to get here, and for what? There’s nothing out here… There’s nothing outside this castle…
If there is… I’m not ready for it.
You’re reaching the edge of the castle. You sure you wanna keep going?
Be my guest. You worked hard to get here. Keep moving forward.
Then you may stay here as long as you’d like.
You stayed near the edge of the castle. Unable to bring yourself forward, you lose yourself in the depression around you.
…It’s so quiet here. All everybody wants is to go further into the city. Nobody cares about what’s really out there… maybe they’re just not ready. Don’t you wanna know, too? What’s out there after all this?
I had a friend seek out the edge of the castle. He used to live at the core and went through hell trying to get here. I don’t know if he ever got out, but I never saw him again. Are you trying to reach the edge?
You’ve got this. You’re almost outta here. The entire world is not just this bouncy castle. Keep going.
You’re in quite the odd place, then.
…I’m not ready to leave.
…How do you move forward, knowing everything that you’re leaving behind? There’s comfort in here…
…But you’ve come all this way. So maybe the edge is worth seeking out.
…I think I’m ready.
They say this castle is a prison of the own mind. That none of us are actually real- we all exist to serve some cognitive function of a greater being- that the different communities circling around Nepenthe’s core represent the emotions of some unfathomable entity. Maybe we’re all just figments of somebody’s imagination- that we’re there to help them cope. I don’t know.
…Did we help?